Automatically manage extra requirements (#307)
openedx/repo-tools: README.rst

1. Use a virtualenv.

2. Install dependencies::

    make dev-install

3. Run tests::

    make test

4. Older tools were Python files run from the root of the repo.  Now we are
   being more disciplined and putting code into importable modules with entry
   points in setup.py.

> 5. Simple tools can go into an existing directory.  Follow the structure of
>    existing tools you find here.  More complex tools, or ones that need unusual
>    third-party requirements, should go into a new directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Simple tools can go into an existing subdirectory of edx_repo_tools.  Follow the structure of
   existing tools you find here.  More complex tools, or ones that need unusual
   third-party requirements, should go into a new subdirectory of edx_repo_tools.
```
